Increase the NotificationToast duration (#1357)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/small-cars-walk.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Fixed the NotificationToast issues, now the iconLabel prop is optional and isVisible is required internally only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the NotificationToast's prop types, now the `iconLabel` prop is optional and the `isVisible` prop is internal only.
```
